John even see the mouth your
three-point-two percent standing in
front of the castle of chaos with these
guys this is salty roots what's up from
spencer tony brown hey i'm floyd Rachel
I'm Shem besides being a band you guys
are our family to why you guys are
pretty much related through marriage or
brothers and sisters of our work back in
the 80s there was a big pop group called
the gigs they're a bunch of brothers and
sisters yeah they made it they actually
got to the top 40 and had quite a few
hits and they're actually our cousins
they've always been willing to give some
advice and which has always really been
helpful as far as progressing for us as
a band Castle chaos is kind of a strange
little brainchild I mean everybody likes
to be scared at Halloween but there's
more than just the oh there's someone
going rawr or my intestines you know we
look for my intestines why your
intestine you know the story line behind
the intestine so you not just walking
through the spook alley and guys jumping
out and scare you you're actually play a
role in absolutely you're part of it
you're part of the thrills and yes
people do jump out and far scarier how
about salty roots become salty root
about a year and a half ago their
grandpa died passed away and me fired
rubber that's helping
hand on his mission he wrote a song
about his grandpa and then singing at
the funeral and everybody cried and ever
since then people love role-playing when
your kids you walk around going hey man
I just hit you with this no you didn't
because I had the input of protection of
this you know so he said we'll take that
idea put in a scary mode cuz everyone
wants to have fun so we'll take it to
that level further forgive you to
roleplay they're gonna turn stores who
knows we might not come out and stay
alive if we don't make it out of the
state as well it's up to you come down
with Castle chaos since if you can find
a small man named professor sanguine was
doing some studies here he was ready
Donny purple body guys please guys huh
gotta help me who who was who would you
say is the biggest horror movie icon
Jason's got ten ten movies that's it 11
now Jason and phrase that's 11 scored
for look on the school you're going by
who has the most movies right get out of
here now welcome to your funerals my
friends we all must die sometime
you're outside of Castle of chaos who
are salty roots we just went through the
castle of chaos how did you guys
sequence because I'm good time did it
scare you I got to get through you had
to pick up clues to pass next levels it
was almost like playing a game I have a
great time you Jamison better than NBA
2k absolutely i'll see what you say
where else so baby check it out